Oh, that was quite a good honey.
Who are you people?
How'd you get in here?
I'm Leslie.
You're stylist.
Yes.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
This is my styling team.
Tristan specifically called us over to get you ready for tonight.
Right?
Yeah.
No time for that honey.
We gotta get you changed.
Girls, let's move.
Oh no.
Two eighties.
Two plain.
We'll put that in there.
Two gaudy.
Oh.
The one.
Oh, you look fabulous.
Just one last touch.
There we go.
Oh honey.
Oh, I've done myself.
Honey, them Grammy people don't have anything on you.
That's a scream.
Looks absolutely stunning.
It's in the compassion cup.
Did I ask you?
No, you wanted to.
Thank you.
I love it.
It's too bad you can't see.
But I can smell.
You have a very distinct scent.
Does he recognize me?
Louis Carey, two o'clock.
CEO of LC Group.
But you come by the office later and discuss it in more detail.
He's coming over.
Looks like he's going to shake your hand.
Tristan.
Long time no see.
Yeah, I got some great news for you.
Let me guess.
The product pass inspection.
Exactly.
I was curious if your company is still interested in a partnership.
Of course.
Let's discuss the details later.
And this must be your new lovely wife.
Pleasure to meet you.
You too.
I'm very fond of your newly developed Iron Jasmine.
I admire the LC Group's dedication to sourcing new natural ingredients
from unexplored regions and varietals.
I was expected by the Green family heiress.
Truly knowledgeable and perfumory.
Kendra's spirits.
Let's share more tomorrow.
Sounds good though.
Yeah.
Pretty well.
Smacktable.
Let's go.
Cora.
Right?
You must be mistaken.
I'm Ashleen.
I've been in France.
I just got back.
Twins.
Yes, I've heard so much about the talented Miss Green skills and perfumory.
Josh, we are family after all.
They got anything in?
Chocolate.
What's she doing here?
What a coincidence.
Let's go say hello.
Might as well.
It's six o'clock.
It's Josh and Ashley.
Okay.
Hey, big bro.
So, if I'm not mistaken, Dad told you to stay home and rest.
What are you doing out?
Don't put too much pressure on yourself, Josh.
It's not like Father has any expectations of you anyways.
Little Sis, you haven't been home in days.
No calls?
We've all been worried sick about you.
Worried about what?
Of course, worried you wouldn't do a good job.
After all, twins have that special connection.
Yeah.
Twins.
It's almost like no one would notice if you replaced me as Tristan's wife.
You should probably go.
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm pursuing you anyway.
Now it's really not the time.
Unless you broke quality issues with your shoes.
It says, in 10 feet, you're going to make a left.
How's he?
Yeah, right?
Is this the door?
Okay.
Yep.
Anyways.
Miss Green, there's a partnership that I wish to discuss with you.
Interested?
What kind of partnership did you have in mind?
Why don't we take this upstairs?
Eat up.
I bet you're hungry after dealing with those two all night.
You're right.
Let's eat.
You did well today.
You seem to know a lot about perfume design.
If only he knew half the perfume products in his house were my designs, he'd be shocked.
I have some basic knowledge.
You're not too fond of Ashley.
How are you?
What makes you say that?
Just a feeling.
It's none of your business.
From now on.
You'll continue to be my eyes.
And I'll do my best to help you, too.
Sounds good.
Yours is overcooked.
How can you tell?
I can hear it.
Hear it.
Hey, those are my utensils.
I know.
That tastes great.
Weirdo.
I meant this thing.
Sure.
Is your father in this room?
Hey, you can't begin here.
Quick, let's get him out of here.
Stop being the machine's harm him.
Nothing was even plugged in.
Seems even my dad's illness was a conspiracy.
What drug were they giving him?
Okay, let's get the butt out first.
Yeah, I'm all right.
Thank you for helping me with my dad's situation.
On the screen, I should be thanking you instead.
Tristan hasn't smiled ever since his accident.
Accident?
An accident that didn't seem so accidental.
You also cite that day.
Hello?
Sir, the furniture you ordered is about to arrive.
Okay.
Take care of it for me.
No problem.
What's going on, sir?
What do we do, sir?
Sir, can you hear me, sir?
What's going on, sir?
Sir, sir.
How did you get in?
This is our family vacation home.
Why wouldn't I be able to get in?
Oh, I'm so sorry I forgot.
You can't see.
Oh, Josh.
Wait.
Are you still not adding sugar, huh?
Get to the point.
Hand over the company's black card access.
Qualify it.
Tristan, Dad already gave me the CEO position.
Okay, you have nothing left.
What are you doing here?
Before I lose my patience.
Oh, well you're in this state and still trying to act tough?
Tristan may be blind, but he's a genuine, honest man.
You, however, have darkness in your heart,
even standing in the sunlight.
You're a mouthy little girl, aren't you?
No.
You know what?
I'm done with you too.
Oh, and Tristan, your air is over, buddy.
Just how many surprises are you hiding, Cora?
Tristan may be blind, but he's a genuine, honest man.
Listen, you need to stick your neck out like that again, only by its trouble.
Cora?
It's a little bit longer.
What?
William is missing?
How do you lose a man in a coma?
Ashley, this has gone too far.
We need to stop now.
No.
We can't give up the life we have now.
But it must be Ashley.
She has an accomplice now.
What's up, dude?
You mentioned needing new perfume products, and I just so happen to have some.
Say, want to join forces?
Tristan, we didn't do anything last night.
Did we?
What do you think?
You didn't do anything to me, did you?
You should be asking if you did something to me.
Last night you fell on top of me, and you hugged me, and then you called me Daddy.
You?
You had me worried there.
No worries.
I can't really sleep anyway, so no harm done.
Ashley, I have something for that.
Wait here.
What is it?
It's something to help you sleep.
But relax first.
How is it?
Do you feel anything?
Wow.
Do you hate it?
I actually don't feel sleepy at all.
I kind of feel hot all over like I want to take off my clothes.
Why didn't you put in there?
I didn't.
I just used the scent of agarwood to the base and to help you fall asleep.
That's the door.
I'll go get it.
Ashley.
Cora.
You haven't been home in such a long time, and we've missed you so much.
Your sister and I decided to come see you.
Come on in.
How is it?
Are you still living here?
It's not bad.
So, Ashley, they picked your father up from the hospital.
What do you mean picked up?
They took him.
Who did it?
I don't know.
They were in disguise.
It had to have been planned in advance.
Where's Cora?
Cora isn't feeling well.
She would choose the bathroom.
Hey, you.
Where are you?
I'll go find her.
Stop my cake.
I think I need to go home and lay down.
Oh, honey.
What's going on?
Eyes with you need to leave.
Mm-hmm.
Let us know if you hear anything about your father.
Take care of yourself.
It says, what are you two up to?
Green Spice New Product Preview.
Where's Cora?
Cora wasn't feeling well.
She would choose the bathroom.
She must have stolen it.
Cora, this new product is Ashley.
Hello, everyone.
I'm lying, stealing bitch.
I won't let you get away with this.
They're going to start.
You can't hear it.
It's me.
Who are you?
I'm Cora Green of Green Spice.
May I go in?
No.
The lady has ordered you to not go in.
What?
Oh, everyone.
I'm happy to formally introduce my upcoming perfume series.
In my hand, I hold a sample of the main product, Unending Love.
If you look under your water glasses, you'll each find a perfume test strip.
Yes, that's right.
Snippin' up.
The concept of this scent comes from Tacor's poem, Endless Love.
This time, of course, the raw materials are still developed using lilacs from Green Spice's mountains, using the traditional immersion extraction methods.
This is a work that returns Green Spice to its original intention.
I'm gonna be so similar.
But it's obviously not developed by Green Spice.
It's a different technique.
This series includes scented candles and a full set of back products.
Well, thank you, Miss Ashley.
It should just be great.
We have time for some questions.
I think it's dislocated.
What should I do?
I'm really touching it.
She told us to keep her out of the event.
Throw her into a wall.
You said that the lilac flower in this scent was extracted by Green Spice using normal immersion technologies, correct?
Exactly.
It just so happens that this scent utilizes a natural extraction method using carbon dioxide.
Then I may have.
You might also know that industrial technology has advanced and the extraction method.
As far as I know, this technology's extraction yield is very low.
One that a big company like Green Spice would never use.
And it just so happens that a famous independent perfumer pioneered this technology for natural extraction, Victoria.
And this is entirely her work.
Oh my god.
Did you copy another designer?
This is not your work.
And you.
A not a perfumer.
Miss Green, is this true?
Did you steal someone's design?
I heard you studied perfumer abroad.
How are you not able to distinguish extraction method?
You're not going to answer my question.
After all we've been through it seriously?
I mean, what is your temper?
What is your degree?
It doesn't make any sense.
How did you know she was lying?
As you know I'm quite familiar with her work.
Who?
Let's go.
Thank God you saw through her today.
We sliced up this significant loss.
Cheers.
Mrs. Hamilton, why?
No, thank you.
I'm allergic to alcohol.
I'll drink for her.
Easy?
Careful.
Couch?
Oh.
Oh, it's your tolerance drinking for tea was a bad idea.
Sorry I'm not sorry.
I'm just going to wait here a while.
Sleep tight.
I need some water.
Whatever, he can't see anyway.
Here you go.
What is that?
And I dreamy.
You shouldn't drink so much.
It's not good for you.
Hey, what are you doing?
In your hand.
This is real.
You're drunk.
Besides, I could see a second ago.
It's my vision coming back.
I heard that Tristan finalized the LC contract.
Yes.
It seems like he really put in a lot of effort.
And it seems Josh is still falling behind.
So, are you still thinking about the press conference?
Tristan has already chosen his side.
He and Ash, Cora.
It's not easy to deal with.
Blind man.
A useless second lady.
What's there to be afraid about?
If Cora has become Tristan's eyes,
get rid of her.
Don't worry.
I have a plan.
Is there a reason Ms. Green didn't come with you today, sir?
She's actually at home right now.
Cooking me dinner.
Cooking.
For you.
Ha ha ha.
Calm down.
Get back to business.
What time is it?
Five minutes past signing time, sir.
Excuse me.
We have an appointment with President.
We're supposed to be signing a contract.
Today's signing ceremony was canceled.
Cancel.
Your wife Ms. Cora already came by.
She said he wanted to transfer the rights of the contract
over to your brother, Josh.
Wait, wait.
Congratulations on your signing.
Is there something you want to tell me?
You are awesome.
It's suspicious much.
Cora, I've almost finished talking to Elsie.
How are things in your end?
What are you talking about?
Did Tristan give you a hard time?
Did Tristan what?
What's going on?
You should know.
What happened?
How long have you been colluding with Josh?
Colluding with Josh.
What do you mean?
Today I'm into Elsie Group.
And they told me that you were there yesterday.
And that you transferred the contract over to Josh.
Tell me it isn't true.
That's impossible.
I was home all day yesterday.
I don't like it when people lie to me.
Don't you believe me at all?
Tristan, you paranoid dumbass.
Bear, I said it.
Siri, call Mark.
Hello, sir.
I need you to check the surveillance footage from yesterday.
I need to know if Cora went out.
Okay.
I'll check it right away.
Don't let me down.
I didn't go out yesterday.
I definitely wasn't there.
They said they saw me.
Saw.
It must be Cora.
I checked the surveillance, sir.
Miss Green didn't go out yesterday.
Okay.
I see.
See what you can find on Cora's twin sister, Ashley.
I need to know what's going on between them.
Copy that.